doc/source/contributing.rst, before:

.. _contribute:

Contribute
##########

Overall guidance on contributing to a PyAnsys library appears in the
`Contributing <https://dev.docs.pyansys.com/how-to/contributing.html>`_ topic
in the *PyAnsys developer's guide*. Ensure that you are thoroughly familiar
with this guide before attempting to contribute to PyAnsys Visualizer.

The following contribution information is specific to PyAnsys Visualizer.

Install in developer mode
-------------------------

Installing PyAnsys Visualizer in developer mode allows you to modify and enhance
the source.

To clone and install the latest PyAnsys Visualizer release in development mode, run
these commands:

.. code::

    git clone https://github.com/ansys/pyansys-visualizer
    cd pyansys-visualizer
    python -m pip install --upgrade pip
    pip install -e .

Run tests
---------

PyAnsys Visualizer uses `pytest <https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/>`_ for testing.

#. Prior to running tests, you must run this command to install
   test dependencies::

    pip install -e .[tests]

#. To then run the tests, navigate to the root directory of the repository and run this
   command::

    pytest

Adhere to code style
--------------------

PyAnsys Visualizer follows the PEP8 standard as outlined in
`PEP 8 <https://dev.docs.pyansys.com/coding-style/pep8.html>`_ in
the *PyAnsys developer's guide* and implements style checking using
`pre-commit <https://pre-commit.com/>`_.

To ensure your code meets minimum code styling standards, run these commands::

  pip install pre-commit
  pre-commit run --all-files

You can also install this as a pre-commit hook by running this command::

  pre-commit install

This way, it's not possible for you to push code that fails the style checks::

  $ pre-commit install
  $ git commit -am "added my cool feature"
  black....................................................................Passed
  blacken-docs.............................................................Passed
  isort....................................................................Passed
  flake8...................................................................Passed
  docformatter.............................................................Passed
  codespell................................................................Passed
  pydocstyle...............................................................Passed
  check for merge conflicts................................................Passed
  debug statements (python)................................................Passed
  check yaml...............................................................Passed
  trim trailing whitespace.................................................Passed
  Add License Headers......................................................Passed
  Validate GitHub Workflows................................................Passed

Build the documentation
-----------------------

You can build PyAnsys Visualizer documentation locally.

#. Prior to building the documentation, you must run this command to install
   documentation dependencies::

    pip install -e .[doc]

#. To then build the documentation, navigate to the ``docs`` directory and run
   this command::

    # On Linux or macOS
    make html

    # On Windows
    ./make.bat html

The documentation is built in the ``docs/_build/html`` directory.

You can clean the documentation build by running this command::

  # On Linux or macOS
  make clean

  # On Windows
  ./make.bat clean

Post issues
-----------

Use the `PyAnsys Visualizer Issues <https://github.com/ansys/pyansys-visualizer/issues>`_
page to report bugs and request new features. When possible, use the issue templates provided.
If your issue does not fit into one of these templates, click the link for opening a blank issue.

If you have general questions about the PyAnsys ecosystem, email
`pyansys.core@ansys.com <pyansys.core@ansys.com>`_. If your
question is specific to PyAnsys Visualizer, ask your
question in an issue as described in the previous paragraph.

Commit message:

feat: Rename project to `ansys-tools-visualization-interface` (#26)

doc/source/contributing.rst, after:

.. _contribute:

Contribute
##########

Overall guidance on contributing to a PyAnsys library appears in the
`Contributing <https://dev.docs.pyansys.com/how-to/contributing.html>`_ topic
in the *PyAnsys developer's guide*. Ensure that you are thoroughly familiar
with this guide before attempting to contribute to Visualization Interface tool.

The following contribution information is specific to Visualization Interface tool.

Install in developer mode
-------------------------

Installing Visualization Interface tool in developer mode allows you to modify and enhance
the source.

To clone and install the latest Visualization Interface tool release in development mode, run
these commands:

.. code::

    git clone https://github.com/ansys/ansys-tools-visualization-interface
    cd ansys-tools-visualization-interface
    python -m pip install --upgrade pip
    pip install -e .

Run tests
---------

Visualization Interface tool uses `pytest <https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/>`_ for testing.

#. Prior to running tests, you must run this command to install
   test dependencies::

    pip install -e .[tests]

#. To then run the tests, navigate to the root directory of the repository and run this
   command::

    pytest

Adhere to code style
--------------------

Visualization Interface tool follows the PEP8 standard as outlined in
`PEP 8 <https://dev.docs.pyansys.com/coding-style/pep8.html>`_ in
the *PyAnsys developer's guide* and implements style checking using
`pre-commit <https://pre-commit.com/>`_.

To ensure your code meets minimum code styling standards, run these commands::

  pip install pre-commit
  pre-commit run --all-files

You can also install this as a pre-commit hook by running this command::

  pre-commit install

This way, it's not possible for you to push code that fails the style checks::

  $ pre-commit install
  $ git commit -am "added my cool feature"
  black....................................................................Passed
  blacken-docs.............................................................Passed
  isort....................................................................Passed
  flake8...................................................................Passed
  docformatter.............................................................Passed
  codespell................................................................Passed
  pydocstyle...............................................................Passed
  check for merge conflicts................................................Passed
  debug statements (python)................................................Passed
  check yaml...............................................................Passed
  trim trailing whitespace.................................................Passed
  Add License Headers......................................................Passed
  Validate GitHub Workflows................................................Passed

Build the documentation
-----------------------

You can build Visualization Interface tool documentation locally.

#. Prior to building the documentation, you must run this command to install
   documentation dependencies::

    pip install -e .[doc]

#. To then build the documentation, navigate to the ``docs`` directory and run
   this command::

    # On Linux or macOS
    make html

    # On Windows
    ./make.bat html

The documentation is built in the ``docs/_build/html`` directory.

You can clean the documentation build by running this command::

  # On Linux or macOS
  make clean

  # On Windows
  ./make.bat clean

Post issues
-----------

Use the `Visualization Interface tool Issues <https://github.com/ansys/ansys-tools-visualization-interface/issues>`_
page to report bugs and request new features. When possible, use the issue templates provided.
If your issue does not fit into one of these templates, click the link for opening a blank issue.

If you have general questions about the PyAnsys ecosystem, email
`pyansys.core@ansys.com <pyansys.core@ansys.com>`_. If your
question is specific to Visualization Interface tool, ask your
question in an issue as described in the previous paragraph.
